scripts: west_commands: patch: Add ability to revert patches (#114736)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/west/zephyr-cmds.rst

    west update
    west patch apply --roll-back # roll-back all patches if one does not apply cleanly

> Optionally, patches can be reverted rather than cleaning all modules. This leaves manual edits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, patches can be reversed rather than cleaning all modules. This leaves non-conflicting, unrelated edits
```
